---
title: 2023 in review
description: Real
date: 2023-12-31
---

2023 has been a big year for me. I started a new phase of my life and I've done and learned so many new things. This post is a brief catalogue of my highlights of 2023, mostly so I can look back at this in the future.

The first half of 2023 was meant to be defined by entrance exams, but I found myself... not really caring. I spent all my time doing things I was interested in and not touching studies, and in the end barely managed to secure a seat that I was happy with.

Coding-wise, most of what I did was contributing to Files. I wasn't actively working on anything of my own. I also made [tsconverter](https://heftymouse.github.io/tsconverter), which is the first thing I've ever really shipped ~~because of how ridiculously tiny it is~~.

However, the highlight has to be _going out and meeting people_ for the first time. I attended a handful of tech meetups, and met some amazing people each time. Coolest of all was the 24-hour IRL hackathon with [Shrish](https://github.com/BoogieMonster1O1); that one event was too many 'first times' for me to list here! Now that I don't have infinite free time, I won't be able to do any of this nearly as often, but I definitely want to make meeting people a part of my life.

The second half of the year was of course defined by college. I've written about that in detail [here](/blog/college1). I'm at the tail-end of my semester now. I really like how compact each semester feels compared to school. The most interesting thing I've done here so far is join our CTF team - I'm finally starting to make good on my commitment to learn infosec. Second is probably attempting [SIH](https://sih.gov.in), even though we weren't successful.

It was also defined by _shipping_ for the first time. I now have my website (not _this_ website, gotta be inclusive to RSS readers!) and my recently released app [Phobos](/projects#phobos) as stuff I can show to people as stuff I've made. I have plenty more in the pipeline and I certainly hope I'm able to put those in a similar state too.

I started learning to play the guitar earlier this year and I stopped just a few months later. I lost all motivation after college started. I haven't obtained a Ham radio license yet either, but that's just blocked on things™ and I still fully intend on getting one as soon as possible.

There's all the other miscellaneous things I've done and learned that are far too many to list here. Overall, I think 2023 has been the most productive year for me so far. Here's hoping 2024 is even better.